.net is not working for VSCode

It is for visual studio 2022, not for vs code

you gonna work on this or wot

yea srry ive been playing minecraft 90% of the afternoon

Home.html links to "main.css" but the file doesnt exist? its in the folder but it doesnt actually exist?

I'm still confused on what this project will actually be, so i cant really build a website without the basis on what the website actually is for.

LEO - ok so baisic premise is a place for chuchlands kids to talk and gossip

So a message board? Also, you dont need to sign your messages, i can remember who said what.

If we're creating a message board, we'll need to add an authentication page, so the user that is trying to send a message doesn't do anything malicious.

We will also need a way to blacklist bots/people with malicious intent.

I'm going to install VS2022, but you'll need to teach me how to use it, as I only know how to navigate VSCode.

I can't run the website locally? The browser gives me a "connection refused" error message. I'm not sure how this could be caused, any help?

I've installed the program, but there are plugins that I might need, but i am uncomfortable with the fact that its around 30GB with the plugins?

Also, I am a bit confused about the contact.html page, I want us to be anonymous, for the most part, and I would rather not have either of our names on the project.

After this project is complete, I was thinking we could try our hand at some mobile apps? I feel like if we could get more people on board with the project, we could get working on even larger projects.

If we program a website with a more expansive audience, we could monetise it with https://www.google.com/adsense/start/, but since the website will only be used by students at our school, I think it'd be unlikely we'd get revenue.

We could program a mobile app, and turn this website into a page dedicated to it.

I feel like we should get more people to join in on the project, I spoke to Jacob and he said you already spoke to him, which is good, but if we have 5 or more people, we can get this project done faster.

I have several ideas related to the mobile app that I've mentioned, if you've heard of "Yubo," it's like Tinder, but for making friends, and I feel like nowadays people are in the market for apps like these, the only reason Yubo isn't the best option is that most of the features are locked behind a paywall, we could replace the Paywall with ad space, like in the swiping feature, we could introduce an unskippable 10 second ad, which would pull in a lot of revenue.

